DOC Tidy up writing style of performance section (#766)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/08_Performance/index.md

# Performance

Making your Silverstripe CMS applications fast and scalable is crucial for providing a great user experience and reducing server costs. This section provides guidance on various performance optimization techniques, ranging from caching strategies to database optimizations.

## Where to start

- Use profiling tools to identify the slowest parts of your application.

> - Implementing caching strategies for frequently accessed data and static assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement caching strategies for frequently accessed data and static assets.
```
otherwise it's the odd one in the list

# Performance

Making your Silverstripe CMS applications fast and scalable is crucial for providing a great user experience and reducing server costs. This section provides guidance on various performance optimization techniques, ranging from caching strategies to database optimizations.

## Key performance considerations

- Implement caching strategies to reduce database queries and server load. See [Partial template caching](partial_template_caching), [Object caching](object_caching), and [HTTP cache headers](http-cache-headers).
- Optimize your database queries and schema to improve ORM performance. See [ORM performance](orm).
- Use eager loading to avoid the N+1 query problem and improve database query efficiency. See [Eager loading](eager_loading).
- Use read-only database replicas to offload read queries from the primary database. See [Read-only database replicas](read-only-database-replicas).

> - Explore other backend performance optimizations, such as increasing server resources, enabling opcode caching, using a CDN, and using a reverse proxy. See [Other optimizations](other_optimisations).

Reviewer 2: These links have a mix of `-` and `_` - should all be using `_`.
Please check the other links across the performance section as well.

Author: Updated, there were a handful of one that needed to be changed around the place

> - Explore other backend performance optimizations, such as increasing server resources, enabling opcode caching, using a CDN, and using a reverse proxy. See [Other optimizations](other_optimisations).

Reviewer 2: Also.... is this just listing all the sections? If so, this is redundant to the `[CHILDREN]` block which already has links and descriptions for these sections. It also feels very similar in purpose to "where to start" which I think gives a better idea of what sort of things to consider.

Author: Removed

## Where to start

> - Use profiling tools to identify the slowest parts of your application. A good starting point it to simply view the page response time in the network panel in your browsers web developer tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use profiling tools to identify the slowest parts of your application.
```

Author: Updated

- Implementing caching strategies for frequently accessed data and static assets.

> - Focus on optimizing the slowest database queries and adding appropriate indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Focus on quick-wins first such as adding appropriate indexes.
```
Not necessarily just slow db queries - but anything that is a quick win should be the first focus. The quick wins for a given project may have nothing to do with the database, in some cases.

Author: Updated
